what is up guys I'm here at the
auditorium where the TEDx speech is
gonna be and I'm here with the
organizers say hi guys
I got miked up dress rehearsal right now
that's gonna be my powerpoint that's
what lights famous and that is the crowd
right there tomorrow it will be
completely filled out right
[Music]
there's
thank you all right that is it for today
and stay tuned for the actual
presentation tomorrow come walk with me
yo what's up guys right now we're at
Wyndemere and we're heading up up to the
TEDx even how this all started was I
worked with these students they came to
my school for a field trip and I gave
him a marketing presentation actually
but it was the thing at the end the Q&A
at the end that really drew their
attention they really liked the fact
that I was able to buy them an insider
perspective on the university life and
also how I found out what I liked to do
so that's why they invited me back to do
a TEDx talk on purpose see you on stage
very soon
oh I can't
wow this is actually pretty amazing
feeling the energy right here the vibe
it's feeling good the vibe is good right
here and look at this I got my own
little name card thing that's pretty
cool it's legit
[Music]
what are you guys most excited about not
the bonus mics so I came for the whole
thing yeah that's dedication I
appreciate it man
Hey are you ready are you talking about
why the name of your university does not
define you or your potential wow what
are you talking about talking about the
prestige of universities and how that
doesn't define you double the motivation
I like you dig up food over here but you
don't me I'm on that chicken breast and
kale diet so I can have any it's a
satellite but Aileen's gonna probably
finish it off so how are you feeling
Aileen are you ready to talk hungry
hungry oh wow are you excited yeah
what are you most excited about I'm
excited to hear your talk who's that is
that Eileen is that when's it starting
[Music]
[Applause]
to personal growth as well the Chi
external access these tracks constantly
push beyond its limitations to the next
level here is your purpose and they
didn't tell me but through my research I
thought that comes from the spine and
then they and it makes a beautiful day
but the beautiful today is not like let
me ask you another question and this one
defense my mind well the answer to where
does this purpose come from what did you
think about the talk
would you actually think about it
you got
supported I love you guys
okay what did you learn about it I
learned how to find my passion by being
immersed in my face in the water yeah I
wasn't passionate until I saw your face
well I did not teach them that really
inspired me today it'd be really cool
take a picture with you
I go into these events and see cool guys
like food thank you what are you looking
for
how many be an inspiration like I want a
mobile to be myself become a better
person because right now I feel like I'm
okay I'm decent but I could be better to
help kind of related feeling everyone's
saying oh you have to be that got to be
this like about frustration yeah do you
know what you want to do or like is this
something that you'd like to do not sure
yet we try different things
thank you thank you what is this it's a
book favorite
yo knowledge Wow
my favorite thank you guys for hosting
this event is awesome and I hope you are
able to find your purpose or at least
something you'd like to do for nap and
that will get you closer and closer too
much or a purpose okay peace out
[Music]